README.md, before:

# Hexlet Editor

[![On Push](https://github.com/hexlet/hexlet-editor/workflows/On%20Push/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/hexlet/hexlet-editor/actions)

## About

Hexlet-editor is an environment for writing and executing code that will be actively used on all Hexlet platforms. The closest counterpart is the repl.it service. The backend is developed in NestJS and TypeScript, the frontend uses React.

Tasks:

* Participation in service development

Tasks can be discussed in the #hexlet-volunteers channel in the [Slack community](https://slack-ru.hexlet.io/).

## System requirements

* node >= 12
* Heroku CLI
## Installation

```bash
make setup
```

## Running the app

```bash
make start
```
http://localhost:3000

## Running the app in development mode
```bash
make start-dev
```
http://localhost:5000

## How to help

Look at the list of issues, choose an interesting task, write to the issue to say you would like to work on the task.

---

[![Hexlet Ltd. logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Hexlet/assets/master/images/hexlet_logo128.png)](https://hexlet.io/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=link&utm_campaign=hexlet-editor)

This repository is created and maintained by the team and the community of Hexlet, an educational project. [Read more about Hexlet](https://hexlet.io/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=link&utm_campaign=hexlet-editor).

See most active contributors on [hexlet-friends](https://friends.hexlet.io/).

Commit message:

fix trouble with authentication in db

README.md, after:

# Hexlet Editor

[![On Push](https://github.com/hexlet/hexlet-editor/workflows/On%20Push/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/hexlet/hexlet-editor/actions)

## About

Hexlet-editor is an environment for writing and executing code that will be actively used on all Hexlet platforms. The closest counterpart is the repl.it service. The backend is developed in NestJS and TypeScript, the frontend uses React.

Tasks:

* Participation in service development

Tasks can be discussed in the #hexlet-volunteers channel in the [Slack community](https://slack-ru.hexlet.io/).

## System requirements

* node >= 12
* Heroku CLI
* PostGreSQL
## Installation

```bash
make install
```
## Prepare database

In .env file, set your username and password for authentication in database.

## Running the app

```bash
make start
```
http://localhost:3000

## Running the app in development mode
```bash
make start-dev
```
http://localhost:5000

## How to help

Look at the list of issues, choose an interesting task, write to the issue to say you would like to work on the task.

---

[![Hexlet Ltd. logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Hexlet/assets/master/images/hexlet_logo128.png)](https://hexlet.io/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=link&utm_campaign=hexlet-editor)

This repository is created and maintained by the team and the community of Hexlet, an educational project. [Read more about Hexlet](https://hexlet.io/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=link&utm_campaign=hexlet-editor).

See most active contributors on [hexlet-friends](https://friends.hexlet.io/).
